docs:#1222 adds caution about redpanda.remote.readreplica with remote read or write (#1274)
redpanda-data/documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.3/manage/remote-read-replicas.mdx

   
   For `<topic_name>`, use the same name as the original topic. For `<bucket_name>`, use the bucket specified in the `cloud_storage_bucket` property for the origin cluster.

   :::caution

>    Do not use `redpanda.remote.readreplica` with `redpanda.remote.read` or `redpanda.remote.write`. This could happen if you configure a topic with Remote Read Replica binding. For example, the following command results in an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Do not use `redpanda.remote.readreplica` with `redpanda.remote.read` or `redpanda.remote.write`. This combination of commands could possibly occur if you configure a topic with Remote Read Replica binding. For example, the following command results in an error:
```

Reviewer: Suggestion because "this could happen..." tripped me up--wasn't sure what that meant. Did I get it right?

Author: @vuldin: Please confirm which you terminology you prefer. Here's another version:  
This combination of properties to configure a topic with Remote Read Replica binding (like the following command) results in an error:

Author: Thank you, @vuldin! I rewrote it as 
NOTE
Do not use `redpanda.remote.read` or `redpanda.remote.write` with `redpanda.remote.readreplica`. Redpanda ignores the values for remote read and remote write properties on read replica topics.
